Add removal of deprecated methods to release notes/upgrading guide (#1707)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: upgrading/topics/keycloak/changes-20_0_0.adoc

H2 database base files created with H2 version 1.x should not be used with version 2.x.

Purge existing H2 database files to start with an empty database, export and import the realms using Keycloak's export and import functionality, or refer to the http://www.h2database.com/html/migration-to-v2.html[migration notes on the H2 database project's website] for details on how to migrate H2 database contents.

= Deprecated methods from data providers and models were removed

Prior to Keycloak 15, there was a clean-up of provider and model interfaces
where we deprecated some methods. Javadoc of these methods contained
a corresponding replacement method (see Javadoc of Keycloak 19 release).

> In this release the methods were removed. List of all changed classes is below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release the methods were removed. The following is a list of all changed classes.
```

> Most common patterns for deprecating and now removing the methods are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common patterns for deprecating and removing the methods are
```

was replaced by
+
[source,java]
----
UserModel getUserById(RealmModel realm, String id)
----

== List of changed interfaces

(`ok.` stands for `org.keycloak.` package)

* `server-spi` module
** `ok.credential.CredentialInputUpdater`
** `ok.credential.UserCredentialStore`
** `ok.models.ClientProvider`
** `ok.models.ClientSessionContext`
** `ok.models.GroupModel`
** `ok.models.GroupProvider`
** `ok.models.KeyManager`
** `ok.models.KeycloakSessionFactory`
** `ok.models.ProtocolMapperContainerModel`
** `ok.models.RealmModel`
** `ok.models.RealmProvider`
** `ok.models.RoleContainerModel`
** `ok.models.RoleMapperModel`
** `ok.models.RoleModel`
** `ok.models.RoleProvider`
** `ok.models.ScopeContainerModel`
** `ok.models.UserCredentialManager`
** `ok.models.UserModel`
** `ok.models.UserProvider`
** `ok.models.UserSessionProvider`
** `ok.models.utils.RoleUtils`
** `ok.sessions.AuthenticationSessionProvider`
** `ok.storage.client.ClientLookupProvider`
** `ok.storage.group.GroupLookupProvider`
** `ok.storage.user.UserLookupProvider`
** `ok.storage.user.UserQueryProvider`
* `server-spi-private` module
** `ok.events.EventQuery`
** `ok.events.admin.AdminEventQuery`
** `ok.keys.KeyProvider`

> All changes can be found in the following https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/14973[pull request].

Reviewer: I have not seen a PR in documentation before. Is this valid?

Author: Adding it there makes sense to me as it contains all the information about what was changed. On the other hand, if it is not common to add it to the upgrading guide I can remove it. @hmlnarik WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Good catch. I agree with @andymunro here, it is common to refer to an issue, should it be needed. Could you please refer to https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/14720 instead? Something like:
```
All changes are linked to the following https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/14720[issue].
```
